[MUSIC]
In this lecture we'll talk
about how to send a tweet,
but also we'll start talking about how
to receive tweets, how to filter tweets,
which is a little bit
more complicated process.
So sending a tweet,
that is actually not a hard process.
Once we have these four keys that we need,
the code that that you use
in the RCK is pretty simple.
So, we're going to use those four
keys to create a twython object.
And then that twython object will have
several methods associated with it, and
we'll use one of those
methods to update status.
So, here's the code, so
first you start off, you import.
You say from twython for twython,
you get the twython class.
Then, let's define these four keys
that we recorded from when
we created our retro app.
So, you got the four keys, and I just
put question marks but you get the idea.
Then you call,
you create the twython object.
So that next line,
API = Twython, da, da, da.
That's creating, that's
the constructor for the twython class.
It creates an API, twython API object.
Notice that the four
arguments are the four keys.
So you give it all four of those keys and
argument and
it will establish a connection with
Twitter, Twitter will authenticate, and
if it authenticates, it will send a
response back allowing you to have access.
Then you just call API.update_status and
the argument is just
whatever the tweet is.
Right, so in quotes I have the word hi and
my tweet just says hi really simple.
So sending a tweet is actually
a pretty easy process.
Notice that the four keys are used
when you create the twython object.
And right there,
the API is twython API object.
So easy.
Now, look through, filtering through
a stream is actually harder, but
let's say we're searching for Hashtags.
So maybe we want to look through tweets,
and find tweets with a particular hashtag.
And a particular hashtag shows up, then
we want the raspberry Pi to do something.
So in this case,
the raspberry Pi is receiving tweets, and
receiving information about tweets.
Not sending tweets,
so the last slide we just did
the raspberry Pi is sending a tweet.
Now, we're saying okay
the raspberry Pi is filtering,
it's going to receive the tweets.
So, we want to have bidirectionality.
So that's why we're doing this.
So let's say we're, yeah we want to find
some particular hashtag and do something.
Okay?
So and
what we do doesn't really matter so much.
The key thing is you know how
do we find the hashtag right?
How do we search through the streams,
and detect this tag and
then do something when it occurs?
So you need to scan public Twitter
streams for this hashtag, whatever it is.
It doesn't have to be a hashtag,
it could be a string or something,
but you need to search them.
So for this we're going to use
this Twython Streamer object.
So Twython Streamer is a class and Twython
Streamer object allows you to examine
public streams which
is what we want to do.
So a Twython Streamer it has,
well it has many methods,
but it has one method that we, that is
particularly relevant to what we are doing
right now and it searches for
text in streams.
So it's called statuses.filter and
it will given a stream, and you
have the appropriate arguments, it will
search for that text inside that stream.
And detect if any of that stream has some
tweet that matches that text, one or
more tweets that matches that text.
So, you pass an argument with
the terms you want to track.
So, if there's some particular
hashtag that you're looking for
you pass that as the argument to
the status.filter in quotes, and
it'll search the stream for that.
So example here is how you might use it.
You've got some stream, some twython
stream that you have created, okay?
Called stream.
So if you say,
stream.statuses.filter track Harris,
quotes, then it'll look for
streams until it sees Harris and
if it sees Harris then It will say,
okay, I've detected something.
And then you'll be able
to respond to that.
Okay?
And we'll just describe how that happens
a little bit later.
But that's the idea.
That method right there,
that's part of the Twython Streamer,
that's actually going to
search through streams for
whatever string you're interested
in finding in a Tweet.
And when it finds something it will
respond, and we'll talk about that next.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]